Update open-all-ports.md (#351)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-all-ports.md

3. Select the "Network security group" that needs to be verified. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-all-ports/step3.png"/>
4. Click on the "Name" of the selected "Network security group" to access the port configurations. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-all-ports/step4.png"/>
5. In the "Overview" tab scroll down the page and check the "Inbound security rules." </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-all-ports/step5.png"/>

> 6. On the "Inbound security rules" page under the "Settings" please verify all the ports apart from HTTP/HTTPS are not open to public and if any port such as SSH is open to the public then it's not as per the recommendation of Azure best practices.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-all-ports/step6.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. On the "Inbound security rules" page under the "Settings", please verify all the ports apart from HTTP/HTTPS are not open to public and if any port such as SSH is open to the public then it's not as per the recommendation of Azure best practices.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-all-ports/step6.png"/>
```

7. Repeat steps number 2 - 6 to verify other "Network security group." </br>
8. Navigate to the "Network security group" and select the security group that needs to modify for restricting the other ports to specific IP Address.</br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-all-ports/step8.png"/>
9. Scroll down the left navigation panel and choose "Inbound security rules" under "Settings."</br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-all-ports/step9.png"/>

> 10. Click on the "SSH or any" protocol in the "Name" column and under "Source" select the "IP Address" from the dropdown menu and enter the "Source IP addresses/CIDR ranges" as per the requirement, select the Protocol as TCP/UDP or as needed,Action as "Allow/Deny", enter the priority and click on the "Save" option at the top panel. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-all-ports/step10.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Click on the "SSH or any" protocol in the "Name" column and under "Source" select the "IP Address" from the dropdown menu and enter the "Source IP addresses/CIDR ranges" as per the requirement, select the required Protocol and Action, enter the priority and click on the "Save" option at the top panel. </br> <img src="/resources/azure/networksecuritygroups/open-all-ports/step10.png"/>
```
